in 1977 people
the city
nokia capital that holds a grudge never arrive and that something
with messi it marked the current ones of the fashion
and where did the new ideas come from?
a swarm of artists come from all
they were striving to achieve a space of glory and recognition then the
prices
and there was also the salon of the fine arts
that each year will end in Pakistan
this idea
the rejected ones had to be satisfied with the hall of the independent
where movements such as impressionism had emerged very poor
the exultant ending badly those with days outside the canons
one of the eternal rejected was a young Spanish of replicas
his paintings had evolved from an approach
up to a month that same day indicated scandal
however last three in 1907 historical
and the privacy of your study
cristina humet and pipes
the helmsman pilots of history
five nude women are slowly transforming themselves by introducing themselves
wind its sinuosities winning
the streets become past lives
the world social fund in belem
and suddenly the co
is transformed into electrical energy this
brutal the ine
the first viewers of the work manifest their desire
leo stein declares that the work is absolute nonsense
until yesterday his plan has a first disagreement with the new manifestation
however soon after
barely six months to study more carefully
with your Spanish colleague
and debug your films more contribute
when it comes up again it does
naked woman a painting where the unusual language
in the tiers and planes flowers
it is already a reality
a film school
the most mythical vanguard of the beginning of the century
that massacre
acan-efe
Cubism can not be understood without the contribution of its creator and
supreme example
the multifaceted Pablo Picasso
perhaps the most transgressive artist of the 20th century
As early as 1907, the great Malaga artist was already painting the
Misses of Avignon
whose primitivism and decomposition into planes is incomprehensible even
for the most avant-garde of their parents
a year later picasso now accompanied by his wife
proposed a series of works in which reality was reduced its forms
basic geometric
around 1910 the geometric period
it fades in an intense confrontation of the objects
picasso and crack
assemble volumes and space
on a disc is full of colors
is the kenya analytical stage of painting sculptures and castings
tote dissimilar textures such as cardboard wood ropes and metals
they congregate in a political whole
Juan Gray son apart from the children
they join cubism at this stage
the first one with representations in which geometric and figurative
with transparent and dynamic prismatic constructions
from 1912
cubism begins its long final phase
the synthetic
that integrates both the spatial and temporal aspects of the
bodies
dozens of authors including Fernando and sergi their shops and mechanized beings
massively overthrows the plastic universe thymus leader generated by Pablo
picasso
the door is open to the avant-garde